Worker in this is that you are going to create this to tax that is the woman t shirt and dress.
Okay now to do this again needs to go back to the recycled.
Now what you can do is over this widget, we can create a new fly.
And I'm just going to call this fly tag.
Least than the addiction which is thought that okay we can use contribute a bit to make this wait and
see is not is going to change.
We can use this tip this widget.
Okay as well.
We can call this tag list.
And over here we're going to need to highlight and use control and DOT in order to import the matter
out of that package.
Okay.
Now, you can see all the stocks have been displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
So we are going to be using a widget we should know as row.
Okay.
Great.
Nice though.
This container you're going to get rid of this container then is just going to return it more widgets.
Now, before we continue, what we can do is we can create a variable to hold this.
Thanks.
Okay.
Now where we can create a finer variable, then we can call this variable.
So this is going to be equal to at least.
Now the first value we have is the woman.
Then the second value we have is the t shirts.
And lastly, the last value we have is the dress.
Okay.
I'll just leave it on.
Okay, great.
Now, as you know, this road that can take in multiple widgets.
Right.
So it has the children.
Okay.
Now, also gathered on this is we're going to map over this list, not the mark of this rebel that needs
to get rid of this racket.
Okay.
Now, I'll just have to say, is this variable called sideways track?
This then dots map.
Okay.
Now, over here are going to return.
The container.
The reason for that is so we have access to some additional property such as.
Pardon?
Okay.
Now what you can just do can then provide this.
Congrats.
That's so at least.
Okay, great.
By the way, now we can break this down, then we can have a chat.
Which is going to be a test which at.
Right.
Then we can pass in the E.
Okay.
How to treat a coma.
Just control this to save, then control a B to make this smaller.
Then we're going to go to the homescreen.
Right.
Then, however you rebel, they import that list.
Tablets.
Okay.
Is control necessary now?
And go check it out.
Okay.
Now you can see away, right?
Now what you can do.
We can give some padding and margin for this sub list.
So over here we can give a pardon is going to be pardoned.
There's going to be hedge assets.
That's all for all sides.
But we are just going to give ten.
All right.
I've done this to save.
And go check it out now.
Okay.
Good.
Now, what we can also do is we can.
Give the side to the test.
So it is going to be satisfied.
It's going to be test stay.
Okay we can give a color is definitely colors that gray.
Okay.
Let's think.
Now what you can also do.
We can.
You can give a background color to this.
So not to do that, I just have to say is decoration is going to be box decoration, right?
Okay.
Then we can give a.
A background color so we can just see colors that.
Yellow accents.
Okay, great.
Check it out now to see what it does.
Now we can give some space between each member of the margin as to do it outside, right?
So we can also get within the container.
You can see margin is going to be edge and says.
And sets and sets.
Edge insists that all.
Ten.
As all contenders to see.
Then go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can make this round, right?
I'd be trying to do that.
I think you can do that now.
Right.
Okay.
So you're going to be using the property within the force declaration card border radius.
Right.
So we can't see.
But if we use.
What are we doing?
The circle of ten.
Okay.
I'll try to save.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can just make this.
Okay.
Ten is okay from the 14.
Then maybe we should just use the black to see who's going to look like.
The AK.
Okay.
I think it looks weird.
Or probably you can live just like that.
I'm just going to get rid of this.
I'm just trying to show you how to do that.
Okay, we're going to get rid of this declaration.
Both the commission.
Thank you, Mr. Sumpter.
Okay.
Yeah.
So get rid of this.
There's a safe.
Okay.
Great.
Looking nice, right?
Okay.